hey everyone it is the second day of the
MSI playoffs in Paris and I'm joined by
someone who's not a caster a player who
I tend to interview normally I'm joined
right now by Kass who I have known for
many years and is the makeup artist and
is that is that the way to W is that
your title yeah I makeup artist I do her
too for the guys but makeup artist
makeup artist hair person basically the
person that makes sure no one looks bad
on broadcasts is that a fair assessment
yeah I mean that's the goal right so
first off how long have you been working
on all the League of Legends stuff cuz
it feels like to me like you've been
here since almost like the start
I started in December of 2013 for a
tournament and then they kind of brought
me and for the regular season stuff and
decided that they wanted makeup going
forward for everybody and what what was
let's go all the way back to the
beginning like what were some of those
early times because I'm sure like maybe
I'm wrong but I'm guessing you're not
used to doing makeup for eSports events
like eSports shows it's not like your
makeup repertoire um it definitely was
new to me I didn't really know much
about the eSports scene it was
definitely like still very up-and-coming
then so interacting with pro players was
different than I guess what I'm normally
used to interacting with as far as like
with with I think what a lot of people
think of like makeup artists or people
who are playing helping with hair before
like a show they're probably thinking
like okay they probably just work on a
ton of women where is that this at in
this world
you're just like it's just almost all
dudes like shocks comes in and put that
that must be kind of different for you
yeah but I really like it because I mean
I have shocks from scary novel
I mean I am I'm pretty set with the
females they're amazing but working with
the guys it's like you just kind of have
a broad spectrum of personality and like
what you're gonna get with them but I I
love it actually like it's been great I
assume that working at the NA LCS the
players all have like you said broad
spectrum
okay okay yes okay thank you
this will help out thank you so working
at work you got the NA LCS you probably
have a couple of interesting characters
that you work with right like even I
know Peters kind of insane but Peter was
funny we have a long long I've known him
for a lot of years now he and when he
when we first started he hated the
makeup like so much so much hated it but
I kind of forced and so like we're gonna
we're gonna figure this out and and now
now we're great he sees the value yeah I
think I think now he finds it like
relaxing it's just part of his schedule
I think it looks like that for a lot of
the players are just part of their
routine now yeah are there any players
that you have a more like kooky
interaction with or like that there's
like banter or whatever backstage gives
you a hard time definitely I definitely
have a lot of those but probably Exmouth
II and I and probably troll each other
consistently all the time basically
compared to the players you also work
with the casters what what's the
difference okay what's the difference
between I'm gonna start this interview
looking like a monster and then by the
end of it I'm gonna look beautiful I
would hate to shine what I've never done
an interview like this what what's the
difference we feel like that a little
bit a little bit just having some
closing my eyes and asking a question
and getting my face prescient okay
casters feel when they're trying to
focus on the show and the game and we
have to step in and do this to them all
the time so it's a big part of my job
it's making sure they're comfortable
yeah that's true because you don't just
do like alright you're on this five-hour
show like here's makeup I'll see you
tomorrow
you're like ducking in frequently yeah
the players get it really light for
stage because we want them to focus on
the game for sure first priority and
we'll do a little more if they have like
features after and stuff but the casters
every
time they're getting cut from camera
they're trying to grab a bite of food or
go to the bathroom and they have us in
their face trying to fix them up before
they go on again for another 45 minute
hour I just imagine like the cameras
turn off - and he's just like Cassandra
I'm ready where's where's my makeup okay
what speaking of the different casters
what it what's the difference between
working with the players and working
with the casters not just from like the
the fact that you have to get to the
casters more often but I bet you they
have just a different interaction with
you or a different vibe so the casters
mentality it's like to go be a you know
on show on camera for the players it's
not their their priority their priority
is playing the game so they're they're
usually more quiet more reserved
sometimes it's the opposite they're
amped so the makeup room just gets like
crazy but with the casters it's
generally always crazy like they're in
there for a while and we have a good
chunk of time in the morning so the
interaction is just a lot different but
it's it's just different person to
person just the vibe of the makeup room
I actually just thought of this to
survival to make a room changed based on
like the severity of what's about to
happen like if it's just like a regular
LCS day I'm sure people are great
whenever it's like I'm about to enter
like a giant arena filled with you know
tens of thousands of people it's
probably a different feel absolutely and
also the beginning of the split versus
the end of the split so when we get back
to summer split it'll be a music bumping
in the makeup room and everybody will be
cheering but when it comes down to
whether you're gonna make playoffs or
not it gets really quiet really calm and
we interact based on how the players are
feeling before their game if they're if
they're wanting to distract and talk and
all of that then then or will pump them
up if if we feel they need that and if
they're quiet in the zone with their
headphones on then we're doing more
really cool so it just depends on what's
going on so I I definitely pay attention
a lot to where the teams like standings
are and what they might be going through
on that end because otherwise if we
don't think about it's just a normal
kind of day for us with our schedule I'm
sure this isn't the case but I wouldn't
be surprised if it's like okay they've
got a really tense match so I'm gonna
add a little bit extra powder to make
sure that they don't the sweat starts
pouring off in that case if it's really
tense I try and get them like in and out
as little as possible so that I can keep
them in this one and focused on what
they want because it's like it's a fine
line between what I want them to have if
they're gonna be on camera versus like
what their their mental state is so it's
a fine line I gotta play a-plus and I've
known them now for I don't know four and
a half years so I know I know who I know
who sweats I know who doesn't I know who
likes you know is okay with the makeup
and who hates it and just kind of go
from there what what is it like for you
because you see all these players in a
very different light than everybody else
right like there's the coaches that are
leading them there's the other players
that are opponents to them there's the
fans that are cheering for them but you
kind of have almost like a third party
objective point of view where you're
just like I I'm just curious what it's
like for you sort of seeing these
players go through their lives and the
cycle of the playoffs and all that kind
of stuff I mean it's interesting I've
seen a lot of them grow up from like
very young age I mean like PO Beltre and
and Pearson like very young and there
when I started so they were new to me I
was new to them but now I've kind of
liked seeing them grow up and so I've
seen a lot of them through a lot of
years and it's I I get invested in all
of them though because as somebody who's
like personally in your bubble and in
your space you kind of you have to you
have to build some sort of like
comfortable situation with them anything
that you would say to any of the fans
out there who look at these players look
at these casters watch these events etc
especially as somebody who's like kind
of behind the scenes or whatever
anything that you would say to them
anything that you think they should know
about the players or the guys you can
think for a second I mean it's just
basically like the fans watching at home
they're just seeing our broadcast and
stuff so
[Music]
they're just there's no way to describe
what goes on like behind the scenes for
production this size I mean what the
players are going through or the casters
or anybody really like you know you're
only seeing like this part of it so I
don't know oh that's good that's good
like every everyone is kind of human I
guess it's the way to put it right yeah
everybody's got stuff going on and you
don't know you don't you know somebody
might be sick and it's like I see that
and we're trying to you know find this
scenes like get everybody like put
together for the broadcast and make sure
they're ready a player that games and
and they're comfortable and happy but it
gets hard on these road shows for sure
very good well thank you so much Cass
for the interview I've known you for so
many years it's really cool that you
were willing to sit here and and thank
thank you for the help you're welcome
and happy birthday thank you so much
yeah this is a birthday gift I've always
wanted
interview with Cass thank you so much
and for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
in these troubled days we have to figure
out what we really stand for him who we
want to support and I think there's a
chance that maybe you might be a nurse
in supporting me and if that's something
you're interested in you can do so at
Travis Khafre coms have support and
patreon.com slash Travis Caffrey